# Contributor guidelines

First off, thank you for your interest to contribute to our project!  Without
people like you, we wouldn't have reached what we have today.

Secondly, have a look at our [Code of Conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) to keep our
community a welcoming and safe space for everyone.

## What we are looking for

We are desperately looking for front-end developers that can improve the user
experience and interface design.

## Getting started

Before immediately jumping in the deep, take a moment to look at existing issues
and pull requests to check if your bug, feature or idea has already been
suggested or reported.

### Issues

Issues can be used for a variety of things: reporting bugs, requesting new
features and much more.  Issues are a way to track and prioritize progress for
the developers and everyone involved.

We provide some issue templates you can use so it is easier to provide enough
information so that others better understand your idea, feature or when a
specific bug occurred.  Head over to the "Issues" section of the repository to
open a new issue.

### Pull request

When you want to add, fix, improve, or simply said change something yourself and
you know how to use Git, you can make the modifications yourself and then open a
pull request.  The pull request will be reviewed by the developers and merged
when it is good enough.  You can always open an issue first asking if your
changes would have any chance of getting merged so you don't put any unnecessary
work into something that has no potential.

To start working on changes yourself, first fork the repository to your own
GitHub account and then clone the fork to your own computer.  Now you can start
making changes.  If you get involved into any source code, make sure to test
your changes before committing.  Instructions on how to compile are written in
the [README](README.md).  After committing the changes in Git, you can push the
commits to your forked repository and open the pull request on GitHub.  Read the
GitHub docs at https://docs.github.com for more information about using Git,
issues and pull requests.

Before opening the pull request, make sure to test your changes by compiling and
running the software and make sure everything works as intended.

## Getting help

Haven't found what you're looking for?  Maybe the documentation of the back-end
can help you as it contains more guidance for users and technical details about
the software.  Still struggling?  Maybe something is just not well documented.
You can open a new issue and describe your issue and what and how it should be
improved.

## You've contributed!

Congratulations!  You're now one of the valuable contributors, whether you
improve the source code, add features, fix documentation or only report bugs, it
is all very much appreciated because it keeps the project going forward.

